Introducing AsyncIO Support & Request Timeouts (#18)
knocklabs/knock-python: README.md

client.users.get_preferences(user_id="jhammond")
```

## AsyncIO Usage

> The library utilises the [unasync](https://github.com/python-trio/unasync) library to provide full AsyncIO support, you just need to import the AsyncKnock client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [unasync](https://github.com/python-trio/unasync) library is used to generate synchronous code from asynchronous one.

As a consequence, this SDK provides full asynchronous (resp. synchronous) support: to work asynchronously (resp. synchronously), you just need to import the AsyncKnock (resp. Knock) client.

```
